metal kickback make a bomb boosters
regeneration and mo or gold is what
you're going to need if you want to try
hard on old quarters
cut the music cut the music I died I
died okay how's it going everybody it's
cool 101 and this is episode 2 of
trihard Fridays a lot of you guys have
been enjoying the series and I've
decided to continue the series and try
to upload weekly episodes of trihard
Fridays so for you go for those of you
are new to the series try out Friday's
is where I'm gonna try so hard it's an
episode where I actually try very hard
to get kills like a noob or try hard and
just tell you guys
best boosters and metal kickbacks you
will need to just get a lot of kills and
a high KD ratio at on any given map or
on a designated map and whoa how did
that guy fly like that well anyways this
is I think my first time ever uploading
on or quarters and I have actually
bought the DLC map pack and old quarters
and graveyard are my favorite maps on
the DLC map pack and I really enjoy
these maps and it's really fun to play
with especially when you get to know
these maps and when you get to know the
spawning points and everything on these
maps it's really fun to play on and it's
easy to get kills man people love to
swim in this map oh
fly-on-the-wall what more like fish in
the sea
so yeah the explain to you guys the
reasons on the Boosters I took well
regeneration is for stuff that goes on
in this map like you just see when
people get shot at it's most of the
close-quarter type of map so if when you
people that try that you're gonna have
try to run away in the in a few period
and a small period of time so once you
have regeneration it's easier to heal
and like you just saw a hill I healed
pretty quickly and this guy is trying to
knock me out in water look at this guy
you can't kill cool on one like that and
I just love playing in this map and I
just love going in water it feels so fun
and it's so realistic and I don't know
why I always go for that water it's just
anyways yeah and Emma Ward because
mostly there's not a lot of ammo or
scattered
scattered guns around the map unless you
kill somebody and I just think it's it's
actually subjective for the second goose
to slide and that's something that I
really like to talk about on trigger
three because I don't like the way they
made the boosters in the game because
there's too much good boosters they put
as one they put too much good boosters
in the same slot and I think that the
game would be a lot much better if they
would balance the boosters on each game
and that's another technique I use a lot
the grenade I don't know I don't have a
specific name for that but throwing
grenades when somebody shooting at you
is really at your advantage when
somebody's trying to kill you and that's
one of the techniques I can give to you
going for grenades when you know when
you get to know your map a lot you know
where their needs are and once you get
Rene's grenades can save your life more
than a gun itself so one of the
techniques techniques that I'm just
gonna try to explain to you guys is the
white dot technique now I don't know if
you guys realize but in the middle of
your screen there's a white dot that
follows you everywhere you go and when
you use that stuff like this can happen
a lot and it just helps you throw
grenades properly and it helps you get
get throw grenades exactly where you
want to and not just randomly through it
without aiming because a lot of people
don't aim and I'm trying to three with
before they throw grenades they just
truck it but if you want to truck it
properly and effectively you're gonna
have to want to use that white dot at
the middle of your screen
I know it's hard to use but when you get
used to it it's it's it's like I can
explain call duty this four cursors on
the screen that lets you they've lets
you aim better or even snipe but in
front of three they'll there's only one
dot at the middle of the screen that
people use for that and it's something
that you're gonna really want to use if
you want to either aim at your opponent
quicker or throw grenades quicker and
that's one of the things that I could
give to you as a technique also another
technique I would give you is to always
run a gun when your enemy is close to
you like I would never shoot indirectly
at an enemy
your gun when he's shooting at you
because I don't think that is going to
be at your advantage for for numerous
reasons reason number one is if you're
shooting directly at an enemy he can
shoot at you as well and he both of you
can end wind up dead I don't think
that's a great idea to do that and
that's a pretty much new mood for me
just jumping out of there for no reason
whatsoever any thought was gonna fall on
land but yeah when you run a gun the
enemy has less control over how he aims
and I would be really stupid if I felt
in there for the second time but I also
was saying when you run a gun when your
enemies not when your enemy is close to
you always go for the whack and roll if
you watch big - crew they showed you
that technique and that technique is far
more effective than just aiming like I
said if you just aim when the enemy is
too close well he will aim exactly at
you and you could die instantly or
easier especially when stuff like that
happens when your team is right behind
them but if you run a gun and you can
just you can just a few bullets and one
one whack is all it takes to get a kill
and that's something that you're gonna
really have want to adapt to when
implemented three and I think it's a
really fun technique to to play with and
I think it's a really fun tactic to use
and I'm making myself look so bad
running into a grenade like that that's
one of the things I'll tell you not to
do but still accidents can happen but
those are the two techniques I really
wanted to clarify and give to you on
trihard for on this second episode of
trihard Fridays and the boosters metal
kickbacks that you would want to use to
finally get good kills and a good KD
ratio on this map even if you probably
don't have this map but I'm gonna do a
lot more episodes than it could help you
if you need if you want it so I hope you
enjoyed this episode and also one of the
things I would like to clarify as well
is that things like these are subjective
no III don't ever tell you what guns
that you're gonna use cuz you're
different players some people rather use
the m9 than the AEK some people rather
use the seadragon snipers some people
even want to use the cow that's all
that's that's all okay that's why I'm
not gonna really impose on the type of
because it's it's the type of player you
are and what God that you're confident
went so I can't see much about that but
the metal boosters is pretty much kind
of the things you wouldn't want to do
and you see what I just did it what in
the world that guy was lagging he
Springs like three shots like that was a
shotgun or something and I died but
technically if he wasn't lagging like
that I could have got that kill so I
hope you enjoyed this video please leave
a like if you did and I have a lot of
more videos coming your way I have one
already done that's Christmas related so
thanks for watching guys I'll see you
later peace